Vols 'still figuring out who we are' on offensive line
It doesn't sound like Tennessee's rotation on the offensive line is going away any time soon.

The Vols still seem to be figuring out their best combination up front.

First-year Tennessee coach Jeremy Pruitt on Monday said his team is "still figuring out who we are" on the offensive line after the Vols against East Tennessee State on Saturday had to use a second different starting lineup in as many games due to the season-ending knee injury to starting center Brandon Kennedy.

Marcus Tatum entered the game for Drew Richmond on the second series of the 59-3 rout of the Football Championship Subdivision's Bucs, and Chance Hall also saw first-half playing time before the second-team offensive line played all but one series in the second half.

Pruitt downplayed the notion of Tennessee suddenly deciding to roll with primarily their starting five after two uneven games to start the season.

"I think a lot of that depends on who the five guys are," he said. "You want to play your best players. If there's not much difference in the guys out there, then you might as well play multiple guys to keep them fresh. I think we're still figuring out who we are up front. We're making strides in the right direction, but we've got to continue to improve."

Left tackle Trey Smith, left guard Jahmir Johnson and right tackle Richmond have started both games at those positions, but Kennedy's injury prompted the Vols to slide Ryan Johnson over from right guard to center and insert freshman Jerome Carvin into the lineup at right guard.

Carvin played left guard for a couple of series in the first half against West Virginia. Hall also played at right guard early in the loss to the Mountaineers. Nathan Niehaus was forced into his Tennessee debut in Charlotte when Smith came off the field to get his ankle re-taped and miss a few plays.

The starting offensive line got off to a rough start last week, as Jahmir Johnson was beat for one tackle for loss and Smith missed a block on another as two straight run plays on goal-to-go situations lost 10 yards, and quarterback Jarrett Guarantano was forced into two incompletions due to pressure, once when Ryan Johnson let a defender run right by him.

As it did against West Virginia, the Vols recovered and were better the rest of the game.

"We put our hard hats and we executed," Smith said. "That's pretty much all we did. Just went down there and hit them in the mouth.

"We showed toughness throughout the game," he added, "but we also need to improve in a lot of different areas that we need to execute on."

Tennessee played a total of 10 offensive linemen against ETSU with the second-team line of left tackle Niehaus, left guard K'Rojhn Calbert, center Riley Locklear, right guard Hall and right tackle Tatum playing most of the second half.

Jahmir Johnson working at right tackle in practice last week prior to Kennedy's injury and Tatum's early entrance in the ETSU game suggest the Vols are tinkering at the right tackle spot, while Hall could be hard to keep out of the starting lineup as he continues to shake off the rust from his lengthy injury layoff and offseason knee surgery.

As a group, though, the biggest issue has been lost-yardage and no-gain plays, something Pruitt lamented on Monday, for good reason. Tennessee's 19 tackles for loss allowed through two games is easily the most in the SEC. Not all of those were in the run game or even on the offensive line, but it's a problem the Vols have to fix before getting into conference play.

"You can start at the quarterback position," Pruitt said. "We've got to make sure we're in the right play. We've got to make sure we identify the correct guys up, throwing the ball in the right direction, running the correct routes at wide receiver, blocking the right people on the perimeter.

"Offensive line and tight ends communicating with one another and stepping in the right direction and just blocking the right folks. We minimized our mistakes from the previous week, but we're still nowhere close to where we need to be, and I think when we do it the right way, we have good plays. When we don't, we don't, so we've got to continue to improve and get it figured out."

Smith said he has "no preference" on whether the Vols play just five offensive linemen in a game or if they continue to rotate.

"I'm going to put all my trust in Coach Will Friend," said the star sophomore. "He's been coaching ball a long time and he has a really great track record. I'm honored to be able to work with him day in and day out. I'm going to trust whoever he puts in there, because if he believes those five guys can get the job done, they can get the job done."