Vols OC Tyson Helton excited about 'work in progress' offense
If Tyson Helton has his way, every game will go the way Saturday went against ETSU, with his Tennessee offense hanging 59 points on the board.

“Excited for the future of what this offense holds,” Helton told the Knoxville Quarterback Club on Monday, speaking to the group at Calhoun’s on the River. “Hopefully we can go out every week and put up points like we did last week.”

The first-year Tennessee offensive coordinator has reason to be excited about what’s to come. Everything is in front of his offense, including a lot of football for a handful of underclassmen.

“Offensively, we have a young offense,” Helton said. “I think they’re coming along. We’re a work in progress. You alway evaluate your team week by week.

“Did you get better every week? I thought from Week 1 to Week 2 we made some strides, made some improvements. I think some young players are really starting to come along, some guys that we’re going to need down the stretch to make plays.”

Two players Helton dropped by name Monday were sophomore wide receiver Josh Palmer and freshman running back Jeremy Banks.

Banks carried 13 times for 62 yards against the 59-3 win over the Bucs, running for the first two touchdowns of his career.

Palmer, who had three catches for 33 yards in the season-opening loss to West Virginia, had only one catch against ETSU, but it went for 51 yards. He only carried once, but it went 20 yards for a touchdown.

Those kind of numbers, even against an FCS opponent, demand more touches.

“It was great to see Josh Palmer have a good game last game,” Helton said. “I think he’ll get better and better as we go. He’s a guy that, he’s a speedster, he can take the top end of (the defense) and stretch the field.

“So we’ve got to find creative ways to get him the ball.”

Sophomore Tim Jordan got two more carries (15) and finished with three more yards (65) than Banks against ETSU, but it was the freshman back that turned heads with his aggressive — sometimes overly aggressive — style of play.

“Getting a chance to watch him, we’re just scratching the surface with him,” Helton said. “It was funny, his first run, he went out there and he broke into the open. He had probably two acres of grass, there’s a free safety stating right there, and he made a bee line right for him to try and run over him.

"Hopefully moving forward we can make some cuts and go score.”