Alabama vs. Tennessee fearless prediction and game preview.

Alabama (7-0) vs. Tennessee (3-3) Game Preview
One Reason Why Alabama Will Win
That Tennessee offense that went off against Auburn for close to 400 yards – including 328 through the air – is about to be in for a long day against the Crimson Tide defensive front.

The Auburn defense is terrific, and it has the line to live behind the line, too – coming up with three sacks and ten tackles for loss – but it didn’t matter too much. It will this week.

There might have been 31 points allowed against Arkansas, and Drew Lock and Missouri went on an early scoring drive last week, but the Alabama defense is still doing a fantastic job when the games actually matter.

That might be for just a half, but it’s not going to give up a thing against the Vol ground game, and the secondary is tenth in the nation in pass efficiency defense.

And the O? No. 1 in college football in yards, scoring, and passing efficiency.  Even if the Vols have a decent day, they’re not going to be able to keep up for a full four quarters.

The D will make sure of that.

RELATED
Alabama 39, Missouri 10 Thoughts, Recap, What Happened & What Mattered
One Reason Why Tennessee Will Win
Really, just how healthy is Tua Tagovailoa?

He say everything is just fine with his banged up knee, but will he be limited in any way? He doesn’t play like a guy who’s protecting himself, but if for whatever reason he’s not right immediately, it’ll be a concern.

More than anything else, Tennessee has to avoid getting ripped apart early on. Alabama ends games before they get going, with the home run hitting plays setting a pace that no one can keep up with.

Jarrett Guarantano has to give it a try.

He wasn’t good against Florida, and he had yet to throw for 175 yards, and then he went off against Auburn for 328 yards and two scores. It’s not like he got a lot of time, either, under the pressure from the Tiger defensive front. He still came through, didn’t throw any picks, and he kept the offense going.

It’s going to take everything to work right for the Vols to pull this off – or keep it close. It’s going to take Guarantano to take his game to an even higher level. There’s nothing to lose here – Tennessee is supposed to get destroyed.

Let it rip.

RELATED
Tennessee 30, Auburn 24 Thoughts, Recap, What Happened & What Mattered
– Free daily ATS lock pick just released: ‘100% confidence release!’

What’s Going To Happen
2006. It’s been a run of 11 straight games for the Crimson Tide in the rivalry series, and it’s going to keep on going with ease.

Tennessee really is getting stronger under Jeremy Pruitt, and it took a big step  with the win over Auburn, but the Alabama defense is about to be amazing for the second straight game.

And Jalen Hurts will be in very, very early.

– Week 7 CFN Experts Picks

Fearless Prediction & Line
Alabama 48, Tennessee 14
Line: Alabama -29, o/u: 57
ATS Confidence out of 5: 2.5

Want a 2nd opinion the Alabama vs. Tennessee game? Click here to get the side and total, 1st half and prop bets all for free from WinnersAndWhiners.com.

Must See Rating: 3