Tennessee vs. South Carolina Fearless Prediction, Game 
Tennessee (3-4) vs. South Carolina (3-3) Game Preview
One Reason Why Tennessee Will Win
The passing game has started to get stronger.

The 328 yards from Jarrett Guarantano pulled the Vols past Auburn two weeks ago, and Keller Chryst stepped in against Alabama and threw for 164 yards and two scores, averaging 11 yards per throw. Guarantano is fine, and both quarterbacks will be at the ready.

The Vols need more weapons, but for now, at least a few are starting to show up. Jauan Jennings has become a factor at the right time, catching 11 passes for 173 yards and a score over the last two games.

If the Tennessee passing attack can get moving, there’s a formula here to pull this off. South Carolina has one of the nation’s worst defenses in opposing passer efficiency, and the Vols – while not consistent – are at least efficient through the air.

Hit a few big plays, don’t turn the ball over, control the time of possession. Tennessee can handle all three of those things, and at least keep it close late on the road.

RELATED
Alabama 58, Tennessee 21: The Amazing Is Becoming Routine
One Reason Why South Carolina Will Win
The Tennessee offensive line continues to be just okay.

Yeah, the passing attack is having a few moments, but it’s not like it’s good enough to carry an offense and makeup for a non-existent ground attack.

The Vols haven’t rushed for more than 68 yards in any of the last three games, and while going up against Georgia, Auburn and Alabama will do that, it’s not going to go off against the Gamecocks.

South Carolina might not be a rock defensively so far – it’s having problems against the run – but it’s outstanding at coming up with stops on key downs.

So far, the Gamecocks have allowed offenses to convert just 25% of their third down tries, with Georgia the only team to convert more than 27% of its chances.

The key is the pressure from the defensive front. There might not be a whole slew of sacks, but there should be enough plays in the backfield against this leaky Vol line to come up with a few key stops.

– Free daily ATS lock pick just released: ‘100% confidence release!’

What’s Going To Happen
Tennessee’s O won’t go.

It really is playing better, but the time off and the recharging of the batteries should be enough for the South Carolina defense to come up with a strong performance coming off the mediocre days over the last three games.

This won’t be the 15-9 South Carolina uggo of a win last year, but it’ll be a tough fight for a half – all Gamecock games are battles – but the D will take over in the second half as the O grinds its way to the win.

Fearless Prediction & LinePreview