Kentucky (7-2) vs. Tennessee (4-5) Game Preview
One Reason Why Kentucky Will Win
And now it’s time to get back on track.

The SEC East title dream might be over, but as the College Football Playoff committee said loud and clear with the No. 11 ranking, a New Year’s Six bowl appearance is on the table.

The formula has to continue.

Get great play out of the defense, control the tempo, and pound away with the running game. Benny Snell might be banged up, but the measured UK offense should be able to be ultra-conservative and rely on the defense.

The Tennessee offense isn’t good enough on the offensive line to handle the Wildcat defensive front that should be able to hold up throughout the game.

This isn’t an explosive Vol offense that can go off and put up big points to make the Wildcats press – that won’t happen.

It should be like a slow trickle. A field goal here, a touchdown there, and all of a sudden, its 13-3 – or so – UK, and that’s all it’ll take to coast the rest of the way with this D that only gives up 15 points per game.

But …

RELATED
SEC Roundup, Rankings, Bowl Projections, Schedules, Predictions: Week 10
One Reason Why Tennessee Will Win
Just score.

It’s the same thing for everyone. Georgia was able to do it, and it didn’t have a problem, and Missouri was able to get up on the Cats, and it took a miracle to blow that game.

Kentucky just doesn’t score. It doesn’t come up with enough explosive plays, and you know how this is going to work – the game is going to be played in the teens.

Jarrett Guarantano and the passing game have been effective enough – he hasn’t thrown a pick in the last five games – and it won’t take much to get control of the game. It’s easier said than done – again, everyone tries to do it – but just get ten points in the first half, and the Vols are in the game at home.

Considering Snell has a dinged up ankle, the UK O that can’t afford any sort of an issue doesn’t have its key part as good as it needs to be.

– Free daily ATS lock pick just released: ‘100% confidence release!’

What’s Going To Happen
First one to score wins?

Kentucky will have few problems holding down a Tennessee offense that won’t go anywhere and won’t score, and it’ll get just enough out of QB Terry Wilson and the attack to get ahead in the second quarter.

The Vols will get on the board to keep this close, but like all Kentucky games, the other team will be right there with chances to pull ahead, but unlike Georgia, it won’t be able to do it.

Kentucky will go Kentucky on the Vols.

Fearless Prediction & Line
Kentucky 23, Tennessee 14
Line: Kentucky -6, o/u: 42.5
ATS Confidence out of 5: 3.5
