One Reason Why Tennessee Will Win
There are just enough good parts to think that it’s all going to be put together … eventually.

As the Florida game showed, it’s going to be a process.

Jeremy Pruitt is going to need time, his guys, and his attitude to kick into the program, but the feistiness is starting to show on defense. Last year’s D was a total and complete disaster on third downs, and this year’s group is doing its part on money downs, allowing teams to convert just 25% of their chances.

The defense is doing enough to get off the field that the Vols are owning the time of possession battle. The ground game has been okay at times despite the shaky offensive line, and Jarrett Guarantano – even after his awful day against Florida and his injury – has had a few good moments.

For all of the good things Georgia does, it still doesn’t have a pass rush and it’s still not getting behind the line. The Vol offensive front needs the help, and so does Guarantano.

One Reason Why Georgia Will Win
The Bulldogs are getting it done in all phases.

The offense was shaky against Missouri, so the special teams and defense picked up the slack. The same thing has happened throughout the season so far, but the offense is pretty good, too.

Jake Fromm had a mediocre day against the Tigers, and he still threw for 260 yards and three scores with a pick. The running game hasn’t been a killer, and yet it still managed a not-that-bad 185 yards against Mizzou.

And overall, Georgia had an underwhelming game, and it still be an unbeaten SEC team on the road by two touchdowns. The Bulldogs don’t need to bring the A+ game to beat these Vols, but …

– Free daily ATS lock pick just released: ‘100% confidence release!’

What’s Going To Happen
Get ready for a Georgia team to come out ready to drop a hammer.

From brain cramps – really, another dropped ball before/really close to the goal line? – to missed opportunities, to a few letdowns on D, Georgia didn’t look the part in Columbia last week. This is the week the coaches will hammer the team for not being perfect – this is where the Alabama-like “process” kicks in – and it’s about to show with a much, much sharper effort against the Vols.

Tennessee’s defense will do just enough to keep this from being a total annihilation … for a quarter.

This is where Georgia will look and play like the No. 2 team in college football.