AUBURN, Ala. — The streak is over.

Tennessee fans sang "Rocky Top" in the final seconds of the Vols' 30-24 upset over No. 21 Auburn on Saturday at Jordan-Hare Stadium. 

The victory snaps an 11-game SEC losing streak for the Vols (3-3, 1-2 SEC). Auburn (4-3, 1-3) has lost two in a row. 

“It’s a big monkey off our back. It’s a big step forward for us," Vols quarterback Jarrett Guarantano said.
It marks the first SEC victory for Tennessee's rookie coach Jeremy Pruitt.

“Our guys today showed a lot of fight," Pruitt said. "We beat a really good football team." 

Here are five things we learned:

Jarrett Guarantano has best game of career
In his 12th career start, Guarantano had his finest performance in a Tennessee uniform. The sophomore passed for a career-high 328 yards and two touchdowns on 21-of-32 passing.
quarterback and a great leader. He took it to another level today. He did his part.”

Guarantano had eight completions of at least 19 yards. None was bigger than his 25-yard touchdown to Jauan Jennings on third-and-10. That gave Tennessee its first lead, 20-17, with 3:25 left in the third quarter. Guarantano paid for the completion. Auburn’s Jeremiah Dinson was ejected for targeting on a helmet-to-helmet hit after Guarantano released the pass.

Tennessee flusters Jarrett Stidham
The Vols pressured Auburn quarterback Jarrett Stidham into a rough day. He had two interceptions and lost a fumble that resulted in a Tennessee defensive touchdown.
Stidham forced a pass while in the grasp of Alexis Johnson, and Bryce Thompson intercepted it. Later, Stidham was under pressure after getting a flea-flicker off a reverse. Rather than take the sack, he unloaded a pass that Jonathan Kongbo intercepted.

A fumble, though, was his most costly turnover. Johnson held up Stidham in the backfield and Kyle Phillips forced a fumble. Auburn running back JaTarvious Whitlow nearly recovered, but the ball squirted free. Alontae Taylor wound up with it in the end zone, giving the Vols a 27-17 lead with 2:34 left in the third quarter.

“Picking up the ball and scoring down there and making it a two-score game was a big deal," Pruitt said.

UT got another gift in the fourth quarter when Darius Slayton dropped what otherwise would have been a 57-yard touchdown pass from Stidham.
Vols running backs get involved in passing game
Auburn limited Tennessee to 68 rushing yards, but the running backs got involved in the passing game. Chandler had a 42-yard touchdown catch to take advantage of busted coverage.

Chandler and fellow running back Tim Jordan combined for seven receptions. Chandler has nine receptions for the season — all coming in the past two games.

Tyson Helton moves to the sideline
Tennessee offensive coordinator Tyson Helton coached from the sideline after spending the first five games in the booth.

After the way Guarantano played Saturday, it’s probably a safe bet that Helton will remain on the sideline.

“I think it definitely made a big difference," Guarantano said. "We were able to get a gauge on what he was thinking, what he was feeling. I think it’s going to continue further that he’s going to do that.”

Two streaks end
Not only did Tennessee end its SEC losing streak that was the third-longest active conference losing streak among FBS teams, it also beat an SEC West foe for the first time since 2010, ending a 15-game losing streak. 

“We're growing up," Pruitt said. "I think it was good for our guys, and I'm glad for them. It’s good to see the smiles on their face. I hope they get used to winning.”