Jeremy Pruitt intended for Tennessee to run out the clock and go into halftime with a 10-0 lead on Saturday – until running back  Ty Chandler burst through a hole for a 14-yard gain on third down to extend the drive.

After that run, the mind-set shifted to trying to extend the lead.

The drive ended with quarterback Jarrett Guarantano completing a 39-yard touchdown to receiver Marquez Callaway on the final play of the half. It was a defining moment in Tennessee’s 24-7 victory over Kentucky at Neyland Stadium.
Tennessee wide receiver Marquez Callaway describes his Hail Mary catch in the Vols’ 24-7 victory over Kentucky. Blake Toppmeyer, USA TODAY NETWORK - Tennessee

If not for Chandler’s 14-yard run, though, the Hail Mary never would have happened.

“The big part of the drive was the offensive line blocking. We busted a run there,” Pruitt said during Sunday’s airing of “The Jeremy Pruitt Show.”

Tennessee’s offensive line earned some redemption on Saturday after a lackluster performance the week before against Charlotte.

Guarantano took a few hits, but he was sacked just once. And the Vols outgained Kentucky 215-77 on the ground despite the Wildcats boasting Benny Snell Jr., who entered the game as the SEC’s leading rusher.

“Our offensive line played out of this world today,” Guarantano said Saturday. “When we have a running game, we’re very, very, very hard to stop.”

Tennessee’s rushing total was the most it has had against a Power 5 opponent this season and just the second time overall that it has topped 200 yards on the ground.

“I’m very proud of the offensive line, the way that they competed and the way that they got after them,” Guarantano said. “They have a very good front seven, especially Josh Allen.”
Allen, Kentucky’s senior linebacker, leads the SEC with 15.5 tackles for loss, and he has 11 sacks. Against Tennessee, he had the Wildcats’ lone sack but no additional tackles for loss.

The Vols had a season-low 20 rushing yards against Charlotte, and UT tried shuffling its line in the second half, using different tackles.

There was no need for line adjustments against Kentucky. Tennessee stuck with Marcus Tatum, Jahmir Johnson, Ryan Johnson, Nathan Niehaus and Drew Richmond.

“We were much improved,” Pruitt said on his TV show. “Our guys, I think, kind of answered the challenge about performing.”

It helped having Chandler more at full speed. He was limited to two carries against Charlotte because of injury. He gained a team-high 89 yards on 16 carries against the Wildcats, and Tim Jordan added 63 yards on 15 carries.
Tennessee’s coaching staff challenged the Vols to outgain Kentucky on the ground, and they delivered.

“As an offensive line, we really want to be a smash-mouth football team, a downhill football team and to be able to run the ball,” Ryan Johnson said. “The offensive line, the running backs and the quarterback are all a part of that, and I’ve got to give credit to everyone. We just put our heads down and grinded.”