COLUMBIA, S.C. — Tennessee’s 27-24 loss to South Carolina on Saturday night felt familiar to Drew Richmond.

“It was just kind of a playback of last year at home,” said Richmond, UT’s junior right tackle.

Richmond was referencing the Vols’ 15-9 loss to South Carolina last October at Neyland Stadium. He just as easily could have meant the Tennessee’s 29-26 loss to Kentucky two weeks later or the 26-20 loss to Florida a month before.
Butch Jones’ tenure was defined by an inability to win close games. Jones was 10-14 during his Tennessee career in games decided by eight points or fewer.

One of Jeremy Pruitt’s challenges is to teach these Vols how to thrive and not shrivel in pressure moments.
“For us as a program, this one stung, and it should have,” Pruitt said.

Coaches say one game matters as much as the next. In essence, every game is important.

But if Tennessee (3-5, 1-4 SEC) fails to make a bowl for the second straight season, it won’t be a 58-21 loss to Alabama that lingers. It’ll be losses like Saturday’s. Those close games shape a season.
To Tennessee’s credit, it rallied two weeks ago to beat Auburn 30-24.

Saturday’s situation was different. Instead of looking to erase a halftime deficit, the Vols had a 21-9 lead after scoring on the first possession of the third quarter.

South Carolina (4-3, 3-3) continued to shred Tennessee on the ground — “They blocked our guys, and our guys that were free didn’t make tackles,” Pruitt said to account for his defense allowing 224 rushing yards — and the Vols offense produced three points on its final three drives.
Against Alabama, the Vols were at a talent deficiency.

Not against South Carolina.

“It’s about us. We beat us,” Richmond said.

Players say that all the time. On Saturday, it rang true.
Tennessee was penalized nine times for 75 yards. South Carolina was penalized twice for nine yards. The Vols had five false start penalties, got flagged for breaking the huddle with 12 men and had a pair of unsportsmanlike conduct penalties.

“We’re not good enough to overcome that, especially when they’re undisciplined penalties, and we had plenty of those today,” Pruitt said.

Added tight end Eli Wolf: “The fans were loud, but it was mostly just us not being in sync. That’s something we’ve got to work on. Presnap penalties, they kill drives.”

Tennessee faced a fourth-and-5 from South Carolina’s 49 on its final drive.

A false start turned it into fourth-and-10.

How fitting.

If not for the false start, Tennessee could have tried a short pass. Guarantano worked short throws to perfection throughout the night against a South Carolina defense that gave receivers plenty of cushion.

Needing 10 yards, Guarantano looked downfield. He was sacked after South Carolina dropped eight men into coverage and Guarantano couldn't find an open target.

None of the Vols’ remaining opponents — Charlotte, Kentucky, Missouri and Vanderbilt —– is unbeatable. November likely will include a close game — or two or three.

These Vols will have more chances to show whether they can rise to the moment.