AUBURN, Ala. — Tennessee football came out of its bye week like a whole new team Saturday at Auburn.

The Vols (3-3, 1-2 SEC) stifled the No. 21 Tigers (4-3, 1-3) offense after a tough start, churned out yardage and points against a tough front seven and snapped a long SEC losing streak.Offense
If you have been clamoring for more Ty Chandler touches, then Saturday was for you. Tennessee got the ball in the hands of its most explosive playmakers on swing passes, handoffs and downfield passes.

But that was not the story at the end. That was Jarrett Guarantano. The sophomore quarterback grew up at Auburn and turned in the best game of his career. He nailed back-shoulder throws and deep passes with consistency that hasn’t been seen from him. He threw for a career-high 328 yards.

Guarantano’s receivers, especially Marquez Callaway and Jauan Jennings, made big play after big play. Jennings made the tide-turning grab when he battled for a 25-yard touchdown catch on a fade from Guarantano.

The Vols still struggled to run the ball and had an abysmal drive in a critical second-quarter moment following a turnover. But there was a lot more good than bad Saturday.

Grade: B-plus
Defense
Tennessee started woefully, allowing 87 yards rushing and six plays of 10 yards or more in the first quarter. But the Vols become a turnover machine and a forceful presence the rest of the way.

Bryce Thompson picked off Auburn’s Jarrett Stidham to set up a UT touchdown. Then Jonathan Kongbo picked off Stidham, who made a horribly ill-advised throw on a trick play.

The entire UT defense — or so it seemed — teamed up on the biggest game-changing play in the third quarter: Alexis Johnson and Kyle Phillips sacked Stidham, knocking the ball loose deep in Auburn territory. Alontae Taylor picked it up and ran into the end zone for a touchdown and a 10-point lead.
T had forced only one turnover in the past three games.

The Vols almost shut out Auburn in the second half, not allowing the Tigers to score until Stidham threw a touchdown with 37 seconds left. It was a dominant closing performance that paired with a solid offensive outing to end the SEC misery.

Grade: B

Special teams
Brent Cimaglia has been one of Tennessee’s most consistent performers. He hit a three field goals against Auburn.

But he also had a 48-yard attempt blocked — his first miss of the season.

Grade: C-plus
Coaching
Remember when coach Jeremy Pruitt tried an onside kick against Florida? He did it again against Auburn and it was a great call, even though the Vols once again did not recover it.

After a personal foul penalty on the Tigers moved the kickoff to the Auburn 45, UT tried the onside kick. The Vols didn’t recover, but Auburn still was at its 25 — the same as the inevitable touchback. Pruitt continues to play to win and it shows.

Tyson Helton has taken flack for continuing to hammer run plays predictably on first downs. But that aside the UT offensive coordinator had a mostly good game. He got Chandler involved effectively and frequently. He gave Guarantano opportunities to make plays. Saturday marked Helton’s first game on the sideline and it seemed to make a difference.

The biggest praise, though, goes to the staff as a whole. The Vols came out of the bye week impressively and ready to play in a tough environment.

Grade: B-plus
Vols game ball
Guarantano

The past year-and-a-half haven’t been simple for Guarantano, but he showcased why the Vols continue to roll with him. He keeps getting better and handles the pressure with toughness. It paid off against Auburn.