Grading the Vols: Tennessee defense whiffs at South Carolina. COLUMBIA, S.C. — Tennessee's struggles against Will Muschamp continued on Saturday.

The Vols came to Columbia and led by as many as 12. But the defense struggled to stop one of the worst rushing teams in the SEC.

Here are grades for the offense, defense, special teams and coaching in UT's 27-24 loss to South Carolina:
Tennessee’s rushing attack ranked at the bottom of the SEC entering Saturday and for good reason. The Vols haven’t run the ball effectively for weeks. But they made big strides against the Gamecocks, who feature a mediocre run defense.

Ty Chandler and Tim Jordan both were good with the ball in their hands. Carlin Fils-aime chipped in after moving back to offense this week. They totaled 144 yards on the ground.

The Vols got the ball to their playmakers rather consistently. Jarrett Guarantano was crisp for the most part, although he and the Vols couldn't put the final drive together late to leave with a win.

Tennessee also was outstanding on third down against one of the nation’s better third-down defenses. The Vols converted 11 of 16 third downs.

But the largely solid showing wasn’t without error. Marquez Callaway and Jauan Jennings both costly personal fouls, as the Vols were penalized heavily. The Vols also failed on two fourth-down attempts in the fourth quarter — both costly — and Guarantano fumbled on the final chance for UT.Defense
As solid as the effort was from Tennessee’s offense with the run, its defense was poor in stopping the run.

South Carolina, which ranked No. 12 in the SEC in rushing offense, had no issue moving the ball against Tennessee. The Vols allowed an alarming 224 yards on the ground.

They couldn’t get a stop when they needed one and they had many opportunities. The Gamecocks ran through the defense at will. Jake Bentley made big plays. Tennessee’s defense didn’t and it cost the Vols the game — a game the offense played well enough to win.

UT forced the game’s first turnover when Shy Tuttle snagged an interception after Daniel Bituli deflected a Bentley pass.

Grade: D-minus

Special teams
Joe Doyle was steady once again. So was Paxton Brooks. So was Brent Cimaglia.

Tuttle also had a highlight in blocking an early extra-point attempt.

Grade: B
Coaching
Tyson Helton was at his best against the Gamecocks. He took advantage of South Carolina’s defense with quick passes and methodical drives.

But the UT defense was outmatched.

Pruitt made a crucial call in the fourth on fourth-and-7 from the USC 35. He opted to go for it instead of kicking a 52-yard field goal. It was a risky move. But Guarantano had been money on third downs, so why not try it on fourth down?

The Vols didn’t get it.

Grade: B-minus

Vols game ball
Marquez Callaway

The junior wide receiver had nine catches for 76 yards. It was one of his best performances and the catches often came on third down for important yardage.