After a slow start against the ETSU Buccaneers last week, one of the main goals for the Vols this week was to get off to a fast start against the UTEP Miners.

It was a mixed bag of results early on in the game. Tennessee’s offense was able to create plays and drive down the field, but turnovers and penalties killed drives and left plenty of points off the board for the Vols.

Fortunately, Jeremy Pruitt’s defense came to play again this week and kept the Miners at bay whenever the Vols’ offense made mistakes.

After a quick offensive possession on the opening drive, the Vols were able to find their way inside the Miners’ 10-yard line after a good series of plays that included a nice pass from Jarrett Guarantano to Marquez Callaway on a 4th-and-3.

But a chop block penalty on offensive linemen Drew Richmond and Jerome Carvin took the Vols out of the redzone. A delay of game penalty pushed them further back and all of a sudden it was 3rd-and-goal from the UTEP 25-yard line. Fortunately, Brent Cimaglia hit the 38-yard field goal attempt to give the Vols the first lead of the game, 3-0.

The defense held the Miners to a punt on the next possession and Guarantano once again found sophomore Josh Palmer for a 53-yard reception. It was Palmer’s second reception of over 50 yards on the season and it took the Vols all the way down to the UTEP 12-yard line.

Madre London was able to rumble down to the three, but fumbled while trying to extend the ball over the goal line. UTEP recovered and the Vols tried to challenge the ruling but it was upheld.

At that point, the Vols had made two trips inside UTEP’s 10-yard line and only had three points to show for it.

But at least UTEP had terrible field position after London’s fumble since it was recovered at the two-yard line. Tennessee’s defense bailed out the offense yet again after they forced a three-and-out that was keyed by a nice tackle for loss by Baylen Buchanan on second down.

Callaway returned the ensuing punt for 11 yards down to the Miners’ 36-yard line. Guarantano then hit Brandon Johnson over the middle for a 29-yard gain and Tim Jordan scored the game’s first touchdown on the next play to increase the lead, 10-0.